In the context of video calls, "mesh" refers to a decentralized network where each participant 
connects directly to every other participant. An MCU (Multipoint Control Unit) is a centralized 
device or software component that manages multipoint video conferences by combining audio and 
video streams from multiple participants and redistributing them to all participants.
An SFU (Selective Forwarding Unit), on the other hand, selectively forwards audio and video 
streams from each participant to other participants based on network conditions and preferences, 
without centralizing all media streams.

What is WebRTC?
WebRTC (Web Real Time Communication) is an open source project that enables peer-to-peer 
communication between browsers or the applications (mobile). In other words, WebRTC allows 
you to exchange any kind of media through the web (such as video, audio and data) without any 
required plugin or framework.
Applications which are using WebRTC
• Google Meet and Google Hangouts
• Facebook Messenger
• Discord

What is signaling server ?
• Signaling server does not do anything that is WebRTC-specific.
• Signaling server helps to exchange necessary information which are required to establish 
direct connection between users
• For signaling we can use whatever we like, from WebSocket to XMLHttpRequest

What is STUN server ?
• STUN (Session Traversal Utilities for NAT) that allows clients to discover their 
public IP address and the type of NAT they are behind.
This information is used to establish the media connection.
• In 15-20% cases STUN server will fail and to establish connection between 
the peers we will need TURN server

What is TURN server?
TURN server is Traversal Using Relay NAT, and it is a protocol for relaying network traffic
TURN server will be used if STUN server will fail
TURN server will be used as an assist to establish connection between the peers
TURN Servers are not public because of the costs which they can generate because of the 
traffic which is going through them
If two server are not able to make connection data will be routed through turn server

What is SDP(session description protocol) ?
• The Session Description Protocol is a format to describing multimedia communication 
sessions for the purposes of session announcement and session invitation
• It does not deliver the media data but is used for negotiation between peers of various 
audio and video codecs, source address, timing information of audio and video
(sends through signaling server)

What are ICE candidates ?
• As well as exchanging information about the media (discussed above in Offer/Answer and SDP), 
peers must exchange information about the network connection. This is known as an ICE candidate 
and details the available methods the peer is able to communicate (directly or through a 
TURN server). Typically, each peer will propose its best candidates first, making their way down 
the line toward their worse candidates. Ideally, candidates are UDP (since it's faster, and 
media streams are able to recover from interruptions relatively easily), but the ICE standard 
does allow TCP candidates as well

How it works
Caller John send WebRTC offer to callie kate through signaling server and then kate will reply 
with WebRTC answer through signaling server. Caller John gets it ice candidates from STUN server
and Kate does same and then send this to each other through signaling server.
then direct 2 point connection/stream will start but sometimes that connection will not work due to
as one of the user will not able to connect with other user directly so in that case TURN server
will be used.